Update to latest model (#205)
nestauk/ojd_daps_skills: ojd_daps_skills/pipeline/skill_ner/README.md

The outputs of this labelled are stored in `s3://open-jobs-lake/escoe_extension/outputs/skill_span_labels/`.

## Label data using Prodigy

> We labelled another batch of job adverts using [Prodigy](https://prodi.gy/). This was to avail of their active learning capabilities. Details of how we labelled job adverts this way are given in [the Prodigy labelling README](./ojd_daps_skills/ojd_daps_skills/pipeline/skill_ner/prodigy/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We labelled another batch of job adverts using [Prodigy](https://prodi.gy/). This was to make use of their active learning capabilities. Details of how we labelled job adverts this way are given in [the Prodigy labelling README](./ojd_daps_skills/ojd_daps_skills/pipeline/skill_ner/prodigy/README.md).
```
